[Release 1.7] Egress Gateway TLS Origination using SDS (#7719)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-gateway-tls-origination-sds/index.md

be done by the egress gateway, as opposed to by the sidecar in the previous example. The egress gateway will
use SDS instead of the file-mount to provision client certificates.

### Generate CA and server certificates and keys

For this task you can use your favorite tool to generate certificates and keys. The commands below use
[openssl](https://man.openbsd.org/openssl.1).

1.  Create a root certificate and private key to sign the certificate for your services:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ openssl req -x509 -sha256 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -subj '/O=example Inc./CN=example.com' -keyout example.com.key -out example.com.crt
    {{< /text >}}

1.  Create a certificate and a private key for `my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local`:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ openssl req -out my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.csr -newkey rsa:2048 -nodes -keyout my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.key -subj "/CN=my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local/O=some organization"
    $ openssl x509 -req -days 365 -CA example.com.crt -CAkey example.com.key -set_serial 0 -in my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.csr -out my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.crt
    {{< /text >}}

> 
> ### Create secrets for the server
> 
> 1.  Create a namespace to represent services outside the Istio mesh, namely `mesh-external`. Note that the sidecar proxy will
>     not be automatically injected into the pods in this namespace since the automatic sidecar injection was not
>     [enabled](/docs/setup/additional-setup/sidecar-injection/#deploying-an-app) on it.
> 
>     {{< text bash >}}
>     $ kubectl create namespace mesh-external
>     {{< /text >}}
> 
> 1. Create Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the server's and CA certificates.
> 
>     {{< text bash >}}
>     $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret tls nginx-server-certs --key my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.key --cert my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.crt
>     $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret generic nginx-ca-certs --from-file=example.com.crt
>     {{< /text >}}

Reviewer: I would move this down into the next section, to be consistent with the mtls instructions.

```suggestion
```

### Deploy a simple TLS server

To simulate an actual external service that supports the simple TLS protocol,
deploy an [NGINX](https://www.nginx.com) server in your Kubernetes cluster, but running outside of
the Istio service mesh, i.e., in a namespace without Istio sidecar proxy injection enabled.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1.  Create a namespace to represent services outside the Istio mesh, namely `mesh-external`. Note that the sidecar proxy will
    not be automatically injected into the pods in this namespace since the automatic sidecar injection was not
    [enabled](/docs/setup/additional-setup/sidecar-injection/#deploying-an-app) on it.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create namespace mesh-external
    {{< /text >}}

1. Create Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the server's and CA certificates.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret tls nginx-server-certs --key my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.key --cert my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.crt
    $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret generic nginx-ca-certs --from-file=example.com.crt
    {{< /text >}}

```

    {{< /text >}}

### Create secrets for the client and server

1. Create Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the server's and CA certificates.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret tls nginx-server-certs --key my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.key --cert my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.crt
    $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret generic nginx-ca-certs --from-file=example.com.crt
    {{< /text >}}

1. Create a Kubernetes Secret to hold the CA certificate used by egress gateway to originate TLS connections:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create secret generic client-credential-cacert --from-file=ca.crt=example.com.crt -n istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

    Note that the secret name for an Istio CA-only certificate must end with `-cacert` and the secret **must** be 
    created in the same namespace as Istio is deployed in, `istio-system` in this case.
    
    {{< warning >}}
    The secret name **should not** begin with `istio` or `prometheus`, and the secret **should not** contain a `token` field. 
    {{< /warning >}}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Deploy a simple TLS server

To simulate an actual external service that supports the simple TLS protocol,
deploy an [NGINX](https://www.nginx.com) server in your Kubernetes cluster, but running outside of
the Istio service mesh, i.e., in a namespace without Istio sidecar proxy injection enabled.

1.  Create a namespace to represent services outside the Istio mesh, namely `mesh-external`. Note that the sidecar proxy will
    not be automatically injected into the pods in this namespace since the automatic sidecar injection was not
    [enabled](/docs/setup/additional-setup/sidecar-injection/#deploying-an-app) on it.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create namespace mesh-external
    {{< /text >}}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Create Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the server's and CA certificates.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret tls nginx-server-certs --key my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.key --cert my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.crt
    $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret generic nginx-ca-certs --from-file=example.com.crt
    {{< /text >}}

```

Author: namespace needs to be created before secrets can be created, I moved that step to before secret creation but under the same section

      ports:
      - port: 443
        protocol: TCP
      selector:
        run: my-nginx
    ---
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
      name: my-nginx
      namespace: mesh-external
    spec:
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          run: my-nginx
      replicas: 1
      template:
        metadata:
          labels:
            run: my-nginx
        spec:
          containers:
          - name: my-nginx
            image: nginx
            ports:
            - containerPort: 443
            volumeMounts:
            - name: nginx-config
              mountPath: /etc/nginx
              readOnly: true
            - name: nginx-server-certs
              mountPath: /etc/nginx-server-certs
              readOnly: true
            - name: nginx-ca-certs
              mountPath: /etc/nginx-ca-certs
              readOnly: true
          volumes:
          - name: nginx-config
            configMap:
              name: nginx-configmap
          - name: nginx-server-certs
            secret:
              secretName: nginx-server-certs
          - name: nginx-ca-certs
            secret:
              secretName: nginx-ca-certs
    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Create a Kubernetes [Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the CA
    certificate used by egress gateway to originate TLS connections:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create secret generic client-credential-cacert --from-file=ca.crt=example.com.crt -n istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

    Note that the secret name for an Istio CA-only certificate must end with `-cacert` and the secret **must** be
    created in the same namespace as Istio is deployed in, `istio-system` in this case.

    {{< warning >}}
    The secret name **should not** begin with `istio` or `prometheus`, and the secret **should not** contain a `token` field.
    {{< /warning >}}

```

      ports:
      - port: 443
        protocol: TCP
      selector:
        run: my-nginx
    ---
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
      name: my-nginx
      namespace: mesh-external
    spec:
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          run: my-nginx
      replicas: 1
      template:
        metadata:
          labels:
            run: my-nginx
        spec:
          containers:
          - name: my-nginx
            image: nginx
            ports:
            - containerPort: 443
            volumeMounts:
            - name: nginx-config
              mountPath: /etc/nginx
              readOnly: true
            - name: nginx-server-certs
              mountPath: /etc/nginx-server-certs
              readOnly: true
            - name: nginx-ca-certs
              mountPath: /etc/nginx-ca-certs
              readOnly: true
          volumes:
          - name: nginx-config
            configMap:
              name: nginx-configmap
          - name: nginx-server-certs
            secret:
              secretName: nginx-server-certs
          - name: nginx-ca-certs
            secret:
              secretName: nginx-ca-certs
    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

> 1.  Create Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the client's and CA
>     certificates:
> 
>     {{< text bash >}}
>     $ kubectl create secret -n istio-system generic client-credential --from-file=tls.key=client.example.com.key \
>       --from-file=tls.crt=client.example.com.crt --from-file=ca.crt=example.com.crt
>     {{< /text >}}
> 
>     {{< warning >}}
>     The secret name **should not** begin with `istio` or `prometheus`, and
>     the secret **should not** contain a `token` field.
>     {{< /warning >}}
> 
>     {{< warning >}}
>     The secrets **must** be created in the same namespace Istio is deployed in. Assuming Istio is deployed in `istio-system`
>     namespace. Gateways are only allowed to read Kubernetes secrets in `istio-system` namespace.
>     {{< /warning >}}
> 
>     Istio supports reading a few different Secret formats, to support integration with various tools such as [cert-manager](/docs/ops/integrations/certmanager/):
> 
>     * For a CA only certificate, a generic Secret named `<secret>-cacert`, with a `ca.crt` key. For example, `httpbin-credential-cacert` has `ca.crt`.
>     * A TLS Secret with keys `key` and `cert`. For CA certificate, a separate generic Secret named `<secret>-cacert`, with a `ca.crt` key. For example, `httpbin-credential` has `key` and `cert`, and `httpbin-credential-cacert` has `ca.crt`.
>     * A generic Secret with keys `tls.key`, `tls.crt` and `ca.crt` for the client private key, client certificate and root certificate respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the client's and CA
    certificates:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create secret -n istio-system generic client-credential --from-file=tls.key=client.example.com.key \
      --from-file=tls.crt=client.example.com.crt --from-file=ca.crt=example.com.crt
    {{< /text >}}

    The secret **must** be created in the same namespace as Istio is deployed in, `istio-system` in this case.

    To support integration with various tools, Istio supports a few different Secret formats.
    In this example, a single generic Secret with keys `tls.key`, `tls.crt` and `ca.crt` is used.

    {{< warning >}}
    The secret name **should not** begin with `istio` or `prometheus`, and the secret **should not** contain a `token` field.
    {{< /warning >}}
```

---
title: Egress Gateways with TLS Origination (SDS)
description: Describes how to configure an Egress Gateway to perform TLS origination to external services using Secret Discovery Service.
weight: 40
keywords: [traffic-management,egress,sds]
owner: istio/wg-security-maintainers
test: yes
aliases:
  - /docs/examples/advanced-gateways/egress-gateway-tls-origination-sds/
---

The [TLS Origination for Egress Traffic](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-tls-origination/)
example shows how to configure Istio to perform {{< gloss >}}TLS origination{{< /gloss >}}
for traffic to an external service. The [Configure an Egress Gateway](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-gateway/)
example shows how to configure Istio to direct egress traffic through a
dedicated _egress gateway_ service. This example combines the previous two by
describing how to configure an egress gateway to perform TLS origination for
traffic to external services.

> The TLS required private key, server certificate, and root certificate, are configured using the Secret Discovery Service (SDS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TLS required private key, server certificate, and root certificate, are configured using the
[Secret Discovery Service (SDS)](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/security/secret#secret-discovery-service-sds).
```

    $ kubectl delete deployment my-nginx -n mesh-external
    $ kubectl delete configmap nginx-configmap -n mesh-external
    $ kubectl delete secret nginx-server-certs nginx-ca-certs -n mesh-external
    $ kubectl delete namespace mesh-external
    {{< /text >}}

1.  Delete the certificates and private keys:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ rm example.com.crt example.com.key my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.crt my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.key my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.csr
    {{< /text >}}

1.  Delete the generated configuration files used in this example:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ rm ./nginx.conf
    {{< /text >}}

## Perform mutual TLS origination with an egress gateway

Similar to the previous section, this section describes how to configure an egress gateway to perform
TLS origination for an external service, only this time using a service that requires mutual TLS.

Egress Gateway will use SDS instead of the file-mount to provision client certificates.

### Generate client and server certificates and keys

For this task you can use your favorite tool to generate certificates and keys. The commands below use

> [openssl](https://man.openbsd.org/openssl.1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[openssl](https://man.openbsd.org/openssl.1).
```

be done by the egress gateway, as opposed to by the sidecar in the previous example. The egress gateway will
use SDS instead of the file-mount to provision client certificates.

### Generate CA and server certificates and keys

For this task you can use your favorite tool to generate certificates and keys. The commands below use
[openssl](https://man.openbsd.org/openssl.1).

1.  Create a root certificate and private key to sign the certificate for your services:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ openssl req -x509 -sha256 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -subj '/O=example Inc./CN=example.com' -keyout example.com.key -out example.com.crt
    {{< /text >}}

1.  Create a certificate and a private key for `my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local`:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ openssl req -out my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.csr -newkey rsa:2048 -nodes -keyout my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.key -subj "/CN=my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local/O=some organization"
    $ openssl x509 -req -days 365 -CA example.com.crt -CAkey example.com.key -set_serial 0 -in my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.csr -out my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.crt
    {{< /text >}}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Create secrets for the client and server

1. Create Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the server's and CA certificates.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret tls nginx-server-certs --key my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.key --cert my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.crt
    $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret generic nginx-ca-certs --from-file=example.com.crt
    {{< /text >}}

1. Create a Kubernetes Secret to hold the CA certificate used by egress gateway to originate TLS connections:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create secret generic client-credential-cacert --from-file=ca.crt=example.com.crt -n istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

    Note that the secret name for an Istio CA-only certificate must end with `-cacert` and the secret **must** be 
    created in the same namespace as Istio is deployed in, `istio-system` in this case.
    
    {{< warning >}}
    The secret name **should not** begin with `istio` or `prometheus`, and the secret **should not** contain a `token` field. 
    {{< /warning >}}

```

### Deploy a simple TLS server

To simulate an actual external service that supports the simple TLS protocol,
deploy an [NGINX](https://www.nginx.com) server in your Kubernetes cluster, but running outside of
the Istio service mesh, i.e., in a namespace without Istio sidecar proxy injection enabled.

1.  Create a namespace to represent services outside the Istio mesh, namely `mesh-external`. Note that the sidecar proxy will
    not be automatically injected into the pods in this namespace since the automatic sidecar injection was not
    [enabled](/docs/setup/additional-setup/sidecar-injection/#deploying-an-app) on it.

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create namespace mesh-external
    {{< /text >}}

> 1. Create Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the server's and CA
>    certificates.
> 
>     {{< text bash >}}
>     $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret tls nginx-server-certs --key my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.key --cert my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.crt
>     $ kubectl create -n mesh-external secret generic nginx-ca-certs --from-file=example.com.crt
>     {{< /text >}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

              readOnly: true
          volumes:
          - name: nginx-config
            configMap:
              name: nginx-configmap
          - name: nginx-server-certs
            secret:
              secretName: nginx-server-certs
          - name: nginx-ca-certs
            secret:
              secretName: nginx-ca-certs
    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

1. Create a Kubernetes [Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the CA
   certificate used by egress gateway to originate TLS connections:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create secret generic client-credential-cacert --from-file=ca.crt=example.com.crt -n istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

    {{< warning >}}
    The secret name **should not** begin with `istio` or `prometheus`, and
    the secret **should not** contain a `token` field. The secret name for CA only certificate
    must end with "-cacert" as a suffix.
    {{< /warning >}}

    {{< warning >}}
    The secrets **must** be created in the same namespace Istio is deployed in. Assuming Istio is deployed in `istio-system`
    namespace. Gateways are only allowed to read Kubernetes secrets in `istio-system` namespace.

>     {{< /warning >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a Kubernetes Secret to hold the CA certificate used by egress gateway to originate TLS connections:
    
    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create secret generic client-credential-cacert --from-file=ca.crt=example.com.crt -n istio-system
    {{< /text >}}

    Note that the secret name for an Istio CA-only certificate must end with `-cacert` and the secret **must** be 
    created in the same namespace as Istio is deployed in, `istio-system` in this case.

    {{< warning >}}
    The secret name **should not** begin with `istio` or `prometheus`, and the secret **should not** contain a `token` field. 
    {{< /warning >}}
```

> 1. Create a Kubernetes [Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the CA
>    certificate used by egress gateway to originate TLS connections:
> 
>     {{< text bash >}}
>     $ kubectl create secret generic client-credential-cacert --from-file=ca.crt=example.com.crt -n istio-system
>     {{< /text >}}
> 
>     {{< warning >}}
>     The secret name **should not** begin with `istio` or `prometheus`, and
>     the secret **should not** contain a `token` field. The secret name for CA only certificate
>     must end with "-cacert" as a suffix.
>     {{< /warning >}}
> 
>     {{< warning >}}
>     The secrets **must** be created in the same namespace Istio is deployed in. Assuming Istio is deployed in `istio-system`
>     namespace. Gateways are only allowed to read Kubernetes secrets in `istio-system` namespace.
>     {{< /warning >}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

example shows how to configure Istio to direct egress traffic through a
dedicated _egress gateway_ service. This example combines the previous two by
describing how to configure an egress gateway to perform TLS origination for
traffic to external services.

The TLS required private key, server certificate, and root certificate, are configured using the Secret Discovery Service (SDS).

## Before you begin

*   Setup Istio by following the instructions in the [Installation guide](/docs/setup/).

*   Start the [sleep]({{< github_tree >}}/samples/sleep) sample
    which will be used as a test source for external calls.

    If you have enabled [automatic sidecar injection](/docs/setup/additional-setup/sidecar-injection/#automatic-sidecar-injection), do

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl apply -f @samples/sleep/sleep.yaml@
    {{< /text >}}

    otherwise, you have to manually inject the sidecar before deploying the `sleep` application:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl apply -f <(istioctl kube-inject -f @samples/sleep/sleep.yaml@)
    {{< /text >}}

    Note that any pod that you can `exec` and `curl` from would do.

> *   [Deploy Istio egress gateway](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-gateway/#deploy-istio-egress-gateway).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   [Deploy an Istio egress gateway](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-gateway/#deploy-istio-egress-gateway).
```

> *   [Enable Envoy’s access logging](/docs/tasks/observability/logs/access-log/#enable-envoy-s-access-logging)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   [Enable Envoy’s access logging](/docs/tasks/observability/logs/access-log/#enable-envoy-s-access-logging).
```

{{< tip >}}
 If you configured an egress gateway using the [file-mount based approach](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-gateway-tls-origination),
 and you want to migrate your egress gateway to use the SDS approach, there are no
 extra steps required.
{{< /tip >}}

## Perform TLS origination with an egress gateway using SDS

This section describes how to perform the same TLS origination as in the
[TLS Origination for Egress Traffic](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-tls-origination/) example,
only this time using an egress gateway. Note that in this case the TLS origination will

> be done by the egress gateway, as opposed to by the sidecar in the previous example. Egress Gateway will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be done by the egress gateway, as opposed to by the sidecar in the previous example. The egress gateway will
```

use SDS instead of the file-mount to provision client certificates.

### Generate CA and server certificates and keys

For this task you can use your favorite tool to generate certificates and keys. The commands below use

> [openssl](https://man.openbsd.org/openssl.1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[openssl](https://man.openbsd.org/openssl.1).
```

      ports:
      - port: 443
        protocol: TCP
      selector:
        run: my-nginx
    ---
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
      name: my-nginx
      namespace: mesh-external
    spec:
      selector:
        matchLabels:
          run: my-nginx
      replicas: 1
      template:
        metadata:
          labels:
            run: my-nginx
        spec:
          containers:
          - name: my-nginx
            image: nginx
            ports:
            - containerPort: 443
            volumeMounts:
            - name: nginx-config
              mountPath: /etc/nginx
              readOnly: true
            - name: nginx-server-certs
              mountPath: /etc/nginx-server-certs
              readOnly: true
            - name: nginx-ca-certs
              mountPath: /etc/nginx-ca-certs
              readOnly: true
          volumes:
          - name: nginx-config
            configMap:
              name: nginx-configmap
          - name: nginx-server-certs
            secret:
              secretName: nginx-server-certs
          - name: nginx-ca-certs
            secret:
              secretName: nginx-ca-certs
    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

> ### Store CA certificate used by Egress Gateway to originate TLS connection as a Kubernetes Secret
> 
> 1. Create Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the CA
>    certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a Kubernetes [Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the CA
   certificate used by egress gateway to originate TLS connections:
```

    If Istio is deployed in the `istio-system` namespace, the command to print the log is:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl logs -l istio=egressgateway -n istio-system | grep 'my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local' | grep HTTP
    {{< /text >}}

    You should see a line similar to the following:

    {{< text plain>}}
    [2018-08-19T18:20:40.096Z] "GET / HTTP/1.1" 200 - 0 612 7 5 "172.30.146.114" "curl/7.35.0" "b942b587-fac2-9756-8ec6-303561356204" "my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local" "172.21.72.197:443"
    {{< /text >}}

Istio supports reading a few different Secret formats, to support integration with various tools such as [cert-manager](/docs/ops/integrations/certmanager/):

* For a CA only certificate, a generic Secret named `<secret>-cacert`, with a `cacert` key. For example, `httpbin-credential-cacert` has `cacert`.
* A TLS Secret with keys `tls.key` and `tls.crt`. For CA certificate. For CA certificate, a separate generic Secret named `<secret>-cacert`, with a `cacert` key. For example, `httpbin-credential` has `key` and `cert`, and `httpbin-credential-cacert` has `cacert`.

> * A generic Secret with keys `key` and `cert`. For CA certificate, a separate generic Secret named `<secret>-cacert`, with a `cacert` key. For example, `httpbin-credential` has `key` and `cert`, and `httpbin-credential-cacert` has `cacert`.

Reviewer: What exactly is this trying to say, and why is it here, instead of in the section where the secret is created?

Author: Right this should be moved to secret creation section instead, also the wording is a bit confusing. I'll change up the sentences a bit

### Cleanup the TLS origination example

> Remove the Istio configuration items you created:
> 
> {{< text bash >}}
> $ kubectl delete destinationrule originate-tls-for-nginx
> $ kubectl delete virtualservice direct-nginx-through-egress-gateway
> $ kubectl delete destinationrule egressgateway-for-nginx
> $ kubectl delete gateway istio-egressgateway
> $ kubectl delete secret generic client-credential -n istio-system
> $ kubectl delete service my-nginx -n mesh-external
> $ kubectl delete deployment my-nginx -n mesh-external
> $ kubectl delete configmap nginx-configmap -n mesh-external
> $ kubectl delete secret nginx-server-certs nginx-ca-certs -n mesh-external
> $ kubectl delete namespace mesh-external
> {{< /text >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Remove the Istio configuration items you created:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl delete destinationrule originate-tls-for-nginx
    $ kubectl delete virtualservice direct-nginx-through-egress-gateway
    $ kubectl delete destinationrule egressgateway-for-nginx
    $ kubectl delete gateway istio-egressgateway
    $ kubectl delete secret generic client-credential -n istio-system
    $ kubectl delete service my-nginx -n mesh-external
    $ kubectl delete deployment my-nginx -n mesh-external
    $ kubectl delete configmap nginx-configmap -n mesh-external
    $ kubectl delete secret nginx-server-certs nginx-ca-certs -n mesh-external
    $ kubectl delete namespace mesh-external
    {{< /text >}}
```

1.  Delete the certificates and private keys:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ rm example.com.crt example.com.key my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.crt my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.key my-nginx.mesh-external.svc.cluster.local.csr
    {{< /text >}}

1.  Delete the generated configuration files used in this example:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ rm ./nginx.conf
    {{< /text >}}

> 1.  Delete the `sleep` service and deployment:
> 
>     {{< text bash >}}
>     $ kubectl delete service sleep
>     $ kubectl delete deployment sleep
>     {{< /text >}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

              readOnly: true
          volumes:
          - name: nginx-config
            configMap:
              name: nginx-configmap
          - name: nginx-server-certs
            secret:
              secretName: nginx-server-certs
          - name: nginx-ca-certs
            secret:
              secretName: nginx-ca-certs
    EOF
    {{< /text >}}

1.  Create Kubernetes [Secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) to hold the client's and CA
    certificates:

    {{< text bash >}}
    $ kubectl create secret -n istio-system generic client-credential --from-file=tls.key=client.example.com.key \
      --from-file=tls.crt=client.example.com.crt --from-file=ca.crt=example.com.crt
    {{< /text >}}

    {{< warning >}}
    The secret name **should not** begin with `istio` or `prometheus`, and
    the secret **should not** contain a `token` field.
    {{< /warning >}}

    {{< warning >}}
    The secrets **must** be created in the same namespace Istio is deployed in. Assuming Istio is deployed in `istio-system`
    namespace. Gateways are only allowed to read Kubernetes secrets in `istio-system` namespace.
    {{< /warning >}}

> 1.  Start the [sleep]({{< github_tree >}}/samples/sleep) sample
>     which will be used as a test source for external calls.
> 
>     If you have enabled [automatic sidecar injection](/docs/setup/additional-setup/sidecar-injection/#automatic-sidecar-injection), do
> 
>     {{< text bash >}}
>     $ kubectl apply -f @samples/sleep/sleep.yaml@
>     {{< /text >}}
> 
>     otherwise, you have to manually inject the sidecar before deploying the `sleep` application:
> 
>     {{< text bash >}}
>     $ kubectl apply -f <(istioctl kube-inject -f @samples/sleep/sleep.yaml@)
>     {{< /text >}}
> 
>     Note that any pod that you can `exec` and `curl` from would do.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
